and 26 install for my proving straight I
have a big head so I did use three
bundles of those legs cos the longer the
hair is a shorter Momentis and then I
use a left over 14 inch of my crew via
wavy that I had installed before to do
my little wings here and it actually
felt perfectly and then I have a leave
out this is my leave out here I relaxed
my hair stone but um this is how it
looks I wanted to talk to you guys about
a raffle slash giveaway I'm doing it's
gonna be six bundles of classical
version here it'll be three bundles of
the Peruvian wavy and three bundles of
the poofy extreme it'll be length 20 22
and 24 basically there's a section on my
website ww-why Seeger big or Telkom
where you can purchase raffle tickets
the proceeds go to for Christmas it goes
to the hurricane sandy victims because
you know a lot of people's lost their
house they can't even they don't even
have electricity still so I wanted to go
ahead and do a raffle and that's six
bundles of here so you got a chance to
win for only $2 you can also read enter
like as many times as you want by buying
as many raffles it would be chosen by a
lottery basically I'm gonna make a video
where you are I'm gonna make a video
where I have everyone's names yes I'm
writing everyone's names down on tickets
and I'm putting it in a hat or a bin or
whatever you want to call it and mix it
up and I'm gonna pick the winner that
way so it will be a fair winner um I
just hope you guys go ahead and take
this opportunity to check out my website
I have the Malaysian body wave I have
proven wavy and straight up there and I
also have a closure I have the closures
of
12 14 16 and 18 legs so go ahead and
check that out and I hope you like this
video subscribe and like thank you